Stop washing your back
Mom, you're going too far.
Why are you so cruel to suck your own granddaughter?
Daughter-in-law who shut up and can't have a son
Tianbeng, this is your wife
Isn't he already dead?
How did I know he would do this?
Doctors say he won't live
I didn't expect to survive
Nearest point
Who is this woman?
So heartless to me
Just to be with him?
Shut up! Who's your husband?
You don't point your dirty fingers at Yamate
He gave birth to a son for me
What do you compare to him?
Yang Qianfeng
And having children with other women behind my back
Of course, who asked you to do this?
I can't even give birth to two straps in a row
Of course I'm looking for someone who can give birth to me
Exactly.
A woman without a son has no value
2,000 letters. 2,000 letters.
I still have fantasies about you
I want to give you a lifetime of glory and wealth
I didn't expect you to betray me long ago